bpo-40307: Preserve manager Client in multiprocessing managers (#19609)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2020-04-20-10-40-54.bpo-40307.b4YXXY.rst

> ``multiprocessing.Manager`` and its proxies, are going to use the client picked at the time the manager was created to guarantee consistent behaviour across the while manager life span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`multiprocessing.Manager` and its proxies now uses the client picked at the time the manager was created to guarantee consistent behaviour across the whole manager life span.
```
